give it everyone chef Munna here coming
to you from Muniz kitchen with another
recipe today's recipe we're going to do
the old favorite bangers and mash so
let's get cooking on Moody's kitchen
okay the first thing we need to do is
get our potatoes onto Metro I've got
four large potatoes and I've just cut
them into quarters talk about the water
so you get a lot of work into another
pot you more for things as much or as
little things as you like that they're
stopped couple of sprigs of meat
straining and a good old-fashioned sugar
probably around about a tablespoon and a
half of sugar bring these up to the boil
and then once they're nice and soft
we're just going to mash them with a
little bit of butter now there's no
secret that cooking sausages but if you
do them inside I'll just put a bunch of
oil in there so they don't stick around
about half a teaspoon that's all you'll
need just enough to coat well the peas
and the potatoes are bubbling away
they're nice gentle simmer I'm going to
add my spot of beef to the pan I'm just
using
often onion just a regular brown on him
I'm going to put that
now our sausages are pretty much cook so
I'm gonna take those out
and we're going to now Mike a gravy
sauce that's gonna go with this
beautiful firm as a mesh I'm going to
add a couple of tablespoons from just
another
about half of these stop
whatever you've got growing in the
garden I've got some means in the piece
I don't want to go over the top with all
these flavors now we're ready for the
secret ingredient
now wood smoked flavored barbecue sauce
this is the first time I've seen this
there is another HP sauce and I think
it's I'm not sure what the flavor is but
there there is now two of these this is
the first one that's smoked one we're
gonna hit this sort of this smoked HP
barbecue sauce and that's really gonna
kick in don't need to do anything else
now I'm gonna do is when the sausages
back into the sauce that's gonna keep
them nice and hot I'm going to tell my
guests off and so that my sauce doesn't
reduce down anymore
okay the mesh is out I've drained it
I've put the pot back on the stove just
to heat through and when I put the
potatoes back in its gonna suck out any
more moisture that's in there and we go
with a couple of knobs of butter about
two tablespoons of butter I've cut them
nice and thin cracked black pepper a
little bit of salt and they'll mate
grated nutmeg can't have potato without
nutmeg well you can it's up to you if
you don't like nutmeg but such a
beautiful thing to add I love it while
the pan is still hot I'm just gonna
drizzle a bit of milk in there just just
a touch
really you should warm this milk up and
add it after you've mashed them but I
think we'll be right now I've done this
recipe in less than half an hour and I
know I have because my kids my wife's
taking my kids swimming and they're
gonna be back and their swimming lessons
about a half an hour and give them ten
minutes to get changed and I'll have tea
done give it a good mix now I've mashed
it with the masher I'm just to give it a
good whisk this is gonna get all those
lumps out don't over whisk it because
then you'll end up with a gluten mess
give it a whisk there I promise you you
will have a smooth mashed potato done
okay onto our minted puree or minted
Peas take them into help now now I've
drained the peas I'm just gonna pour
them back into the pot just add a knob
of butter a little bit of salt some
pepper now if you want to leave them
whole please do so I'm just gonna mesh
them okay
they have it you wouldn't think that
something as simple as this could look
both ways and I can tell you what it's
beautiful
pity pew right absolutely not my life
and porky I'm ready to try you got a
post doc de barbarie national data on
the minute you've got that get stoppage
it doesn't need to be a fancy stossel
although you could step it up if you
want to add a little bit more flavor
using a pork sausage or whatever but
I've just done the traditional just base
sausage and Matti look like you enjoyed
it and the addition of that HP sauce I
hope you give this a try if you use the
double get extra gloss if we can get it
in Australia and saw that if you get
like the states in America and
definitely in the UK so that are good
with not symmetrical
this
a little bit of a pea puree we've got
that beautiful fresh meat at 15 through
lovely onion in the tomato and and the
additional pastry original wood smoke
flavored barbecue sauce
it's just something a little bit
different
you